Good morning all, anyone around on 40 m this early? Band sounds quiet here.
Hearing you fine, about S5 with some QSB. Antenna is a dipole at 10 m.
Just finished the coffee, back in the shack. Tried the new vertical last night, works better than I expected on 30 m.
QRV on 20 m now, calling the group. Running 10 W into an end fed half wave.
Thanks for the report, 73 and see you tonight. Will be on around 1900 UTC.
Rain here all day so no antenna work. Spent the afternoon fixing the keyer instead.
Who is coming to the field day on Saturday? I can bring the generator and the big tent.
Copy that. My rig is the IC-705 on battery, maybe 5 W. Should be fine for local chat.
Band seems to be opening to the east, heard a few stations from Finland and Estonia.
Nice signal from you now, much better than an hour ago. Propagation is improving.
I will try the slow profile from the summit tomorrow, no mains power up there.
Got your message, thanks. Will relay to the others when they are back on.
Weather is nice, sun and 18 degrees. Going to put up the long wire this afternoon.
New radio arrived today, the FT-891. First impression is good, the receiver is quiet.
Anyone know a good source for coax connectors? Mine are all corroded after the winter.
We had about 20 contacts in the contest, mostly Europe, two from the US on 20 m late.
Please confirm you received the last message, I had some noise here.
Sorry, missed that, can you repeat the frequency for tonight?
The club meeting is moved to Thursday at 19:00, same place as usual.
Heard a weak station calling CQ on the lane below, could not decode the callsign.
I am mobile on the motorway now, signals are up and down with the terrain.
Testing a new battery pack, should give about 6 hours of operating on 10 W.
Great to hear you again after so long. How is the family?
All well here, kids are growing up fast. Still finding time for radio on weekends.
Trying the magnetic loop from the balcony. Works surprisingly well on 20 m.
Noise level here is S7 from the neighbours solar inverter, very hard to copy weak signals.
Let me know when you are ready and I will send the file list.
Will be QRT in ten minutes, dinner is ready. Back later tonight maybe.
Does anyone have a spare 12 V power supply I could borrow for the weekend?
Yes, I have one, 20 A switching supply. Pick it up any time after work.
Heavy QRN from the thunderstorm to the south, might have to disconnect the antenna.
Signal report for you is 599 here with the beam pointed north. Very strong.
I built a small QRP transmitter for 40 m, about 2 W out. First contact was Germany.
Any news from the repeater group? The link has been down since Monday.
Thanks for the help with the antenna tuner, it works perfectly now.
Have a good night everyone, 73 de the shack in the woods.
What is the dial frequency for the group tonight? I lost my notes.
Same as last week, 7.045 USB, lane two. See you there at eight.
Running late, will join in about half an hour. Keep a chair free.
Message received and understood. Position is the north parking at the lake.
Need a hand with the mast on Sunday morning if anyone is free.
I can help, bring the ladder and I will bring the rope and the pulley.
Band is dead here tonight, not even the usual Italians. Going to bed.
Just checking in, nothing new. All quiet on the hill, temperature minus 5.
The new software decodes several stations at once, very nice for the net.
Propagation forecast says good conditions on 20 and 17 m this weekend.
Have you tried the wire antenna in the tree yet? Curious how it compares.
Not yet, the tree is too wet to climb. Maybe next weekend if it dries up.
Happy birthday Lars, hope you get some radio time today. 73 from all of us.
Reading you five by nine, no problem at all. Your audio sounds clean.
